# GameSetMatch

#### Table of Contents

- [What are we](#What)
- [Technologies Used](#Tech)
- [File Structure](#File)
- [Development Setup](#dev)
- [Testing Log](#Test)
- [Using the application](#Use)
- [Credit and License](#Credit)
- [AI Use](#AI)
- [Contact Us](#Contact)

<a id="What"></a>
## What are we 
Our team, DTC-06, is developing a web application to help recreational sports players enjoy competitive sports by finding similarly skilled players for users to play against. 

<a id="Tech"></a>
## Technologies used
- FrontEnd - EJS, Tailwind 
- BackEnd - Node.js, Express.js
- Database - Mongodb Atlas

<a id="File"></a>
## File Structure 
```
.
├── back_end
│   ├── models
│   │   ├── matchModel.js
│   │   ├── previousMatchModel.js
│   │   └── userModel.js
│   ├── package.json
│   ├── public
│   │   ├── captcha.css
│   │   ├── images
│   │   │   ├── background.jpg
│   │   │   ├── basketball.jpg
│   │   │   ├── favicon.png
│   │   │   ├── lebron.jpeg
│   │   │   └── soccer.jpg
│   │   ├── scripts
│   │   │   ├── cloudinary.js
│   │   │   ├── creatematch.js
│   │   │   ├── footer.js
│   │   │   ├── index.js
│   │   │   ├── match.js
│   │   │   ├── matchInformation.js
│   │   │   └── rateplayer.js
│   │   └── styles
│   │       ├── output.css
│   │       └── styles.css
│   ├── routes
│   │   ├── addFriends.js
│   │   ├── createMatch.js
│   │   ├── information.js
│   │   ├── leaderboard.js
│   │   ├── lobby.js
│   │   ├── login.js
│   │   ├── map.js
│   │   ├── matchSessions.js
│   │   ├── matchover.js
│   │   ├── ongoingmatch.js
│   │   ├── otherProfile.js
│   │   ├── placeSearch.js
│   │   ├── profile.js
│   │   ├── resetPassword.js
│   │   ├── resetPasswordWithEmail.js
│   │   ├── searchFriends.js
│   │   ├── settings.js
│   │   └── updateProfile.js
│   ├── server.js
│   ├── tailwind.config.js
│   └── views
│       ├── 404.ejs
│       ├── addFriends.ejs
│       ├── components
│       │   └── information.ejs
│       ├── creatematch.ejs
│       ├── editProfile.ejs
│       ├── home.ejs
│       ├── index.ejs
│       ├── leaderboard_global.ejs
│       ├── leaderboard_local.ejs
│       ├── leaderboard_regional.ejs
│       ├── lobby.ejs
│       ├── login.ejs
│       ├── main.ejs
│       ├── match.ejs
│       ├── matchover.ejs
│       ├── notLoggedIn.ejs
│       ├── otherprofile.ejs
│       ├── profile.ejs
│       ├── resetPassword.ejs
│       ├── resetPasswordForm.ejs
│       ├── resetPasswordWithEmail.ejs
│       ├── searchFriends.ejs
│       ├── settings.ejs
│       ├── signup.ejs
│       ├── templates
│       │   ├── footer.ejs
│       │   └── header.ejs
│       └── welcomepage.ejs
└── readme.md
```

<a id="dev"></a>
## Development Setup 

### Installation

Run the following instructions in order

- Install Node.JS on your computer. 
- Run NPM init on the back_end directory 
- Run NPM I to install all dependencies 
- To work on tailwind and css run npx ```tailwindcss -i public/styles/styles.css -o public/styles/output.css --watch``` so the stylesheet for the entire project is updated. 

### Secrets requirments 
- Store all API keys and secrets in a .env file in the back_end directory. 

### API key required

Please contact one of the contributors using the contact information underneath to retrive the following API keys and secrets before working on the project. These includes: 

- Foursqure Places API
- Clodinary API
- MapTiler API key 
- SendGRID password reset secrets 
- Mongodb ATLAS connection string 
<a id="Test"></a>
## Test Logs
Please document and update any tests done using the following spreadsheet: 

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wREY0dh4DGwUacPhQUFsDyiYG-mHg82Kf7YskroIo5Y/edit#gid=0

<a id="Use"></a>
## Using the application 

You can visit https://two800-202410-dtc-06.onrender.com to beign using our application. (Please note that we are currently using the free tier of render.com and as such, the application may encouter delays of 50 seconds or more during the first request). Start by logging in or signing up. 

### Create match 
- use the bottom hamburger menu to select create match 
- search for a nearby location (location sharing is required for this step as the application needs a location to search for a nearby location)

- Select the location and fill out the form 

- Submit the form

### Join a match
- Browse the map for nearby matches 
- Click on it to open a information menu 
- Click join match to open the lobby page 

### Profile and add friends

- Click on the bottom left to view profile
- On that page, you can edit profile to change the profile picture, or search to look for friends to add 

<a id="Credit"></a>
## Credit and license 

Some code generated by Github Copilot: https://github.com/copilot

Feel free to edit contribute and use the code in any way: 
[MIT License](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

<a id="AI"></a>
## AI use 

- Did you use AI to help create your app? 
    - Yes we used AI, in particular Github Copilot to help in our development. We found that it was best to be used when you are unfamiliar with the syntax of function names. You should treat it as a really good pair programmer rather than a code generator. Code snippets that we used are at most 3-4 lines long and required heavy modification to become useful. 
    
    
- Did you use AI to create data sets or clean data sets? If so, how? Be specific.
    - No we did not use AI to create or clean up data sets as all of the data we used are either user generated, or retrived through API calls 

- Does your app use AI? If so, how? Be specific.
    - No we did not integrate AI into this project as we think there are enough projects this semester that will use AI to tackle the futuristic theme. We wanted to tackle this theme in a different direction. 
- Did you encounter any limitations? What were they, and how did you overcome them? Be specific.

    - We found that breaking down what we ask of it to the smallest possible function provides the best result as AI struggles with more complex integration tasks. 
    - Not being overreliant on AI to write our code really helped combat any limitations and conflicts it could bring. 

<a id="Contact"></a>
## Contact Us
Team Name: DTC-06
<br>
Team Members: 
- Nicky Leung: nicky-leung@outlook.com
- Nicholas Thucydides
- Persephone Wong
- Gurveer Raith
- Jarell Vicencio


